# A1 Postmortem

With assignment 1, we completed the first milestone set out in our project development plan. This milestone was mainly concerned with creating a development plan, planning out the tech stack, and setting up the base of our application. The goals we set were the following:
1. Write the project plan and tech stack documents
2. Create a frontend toy application
3. Create a backend toy application
4. Containerize the application
5. Set up the CI/CD

All of these goals were successfully completed, but not without some minor issues and hurdles. None of the goals were missed or had to be downsized or re-scoped.

Planning the project and tech stack that we would use took roughly a week and two meetings. It was very important that we ironed out all the details before starting with development. This way, we would avoid creating incompatible features or code that will delay project progress. In order to plan out the project, we discussed and researched the project idea and documentation for any tools that we would need to use. Specifically, we looked in FHIR documentation relating to our project. When choosing and planning the tech stack, we discussed which tools and frameworks each team member had experience in for all the segments of our application. Choosing the tech stack went smoothly as the team quickly came to a consensus on it.

The next steps were to build a base application which uses our tech stack. This included creating the frontend, backend, containerization, and CI/CD. The testing infrastructure would be included in the frontend and backend segments. Each team member was assigned one of each of these tasks and we combined all our work in a meeting. Although this process went smoothly for the most part, we still had to fix small issues that arose while integrating. 

The final step was to create a bootstrap script that would set up the application and any dependencies that it needs, in one step. Further, we need to make it possible to run the application in one step and also run the tests in one step. These three steps (setting up, building and running, and testing) caused some discrepancies when testing in different environments. The issue was related to node modules and a specific folder missing in the containerized frontend and backend applications. After some debugging and research, the cause was pinpointed and a fix was deployed.

To ensure that everything worked, we tested our application and inspected the results and output, as well as tested our documentation and the CI/CD pipeline. Further tests were done in a new empty ubuntu instance since the requirement was for this application to run in a POSIX-compliant unix environment.

## What went well & what didn’t go well
When outlining what went well, we all agreed that the key factors which lead to success on A1 were our good teamwork, communication, and organization. We were able to plan our project well and good communication led to choosing and designing a well thought-out tech stack that fit in with everyone’s experience and learning goals. Further, we were all able to do good research and had productive meetings where we presented our findings and had useful discussions. Another thing that went well during A1 was that we were able to efficiently overcome any hurdles when developing and deploying our application. As mentioned previously, we came across an issue when testing our containerized application in a different environment. This hurdle was overcome easily after a meeting where we debugged the problem and came up with a solution. Lastly, the team did a great job integrating the separate work on implementing our tech stack to create the base application. There were minimal issues when integrating and through proper communication, all segments were properly developed and successfully deployed.

On the other hand, something that didn’t go well was that we didn’t fully plan out our project as early as we would’ve liked. Unfortunately we had to change our project after receiving a project that was not one of our top choices. Upon doing research on the received project and other possible projects, we were finally assigned a project that all team members were interested in working on and that we felt could be comfortably completed in the time that we had. Due to this delay, some parts of the project needed to be rushed so that we would be able to complete everything on time. Thanks to the excellent communication and organization of the team, the quality was kept up and everything was done successfully and timely.

## Adjustments
After completing A1 and beginning work on A2, we have gained some new insight on the project mainly through research and more specific task planning. One possible adjustment that will need to be made is related to the number of questionnaires our application will render. We have agreed that we want to get a good breadth of the assignment completed, in order to have a sort of minimum viable product before diving deeper into certain aspects of the project. To accomplish this, we will first only have a select number of questionnaires in order to make sure that we can accomplish what is required with our application, but will later expand to make it compatible with more questionnaires. A smaller adjustment that we will also make is to switch the UI library from Material UI to Ant Design. This decision came from experimenting with and further researching the components that we will need for our specific use case. We have decided that Ant Design will fit better with our project as it is simpler, more lightweight, and has good components that we plan on utilizing for our questionnaires.
