# A2 Retrospective

With assignment 2, we completed the second milestone set out in our project development plan, and began work on the third milestone. The two milestones were concerned with rendering a JSON questionnaire and capturing the user’s response. We set out the following goals for this assignment:
1. Create a backend endpoint for the frontend to fetch a JSON questionnaire
2. Render the JSON questionnaire on the frontend
3. Capture the user’s response on the frontend
4. Create a backend endpoint for the frontend to send the questionnaire response
5. Write tests for all work done on both the frontend and backend
All of these goals were successfully completed, however we did discover some new details that will require us to re-scope some features and milestones in the following assignment. None of these goals were missed.

Creating the two backend endpoints proved to be quite straightforward and the work went smoothly. The first endpoint simply sent a response with a JSON questionnaire to the frontend when a request was received. The second endpoint received the user’s response to the questionnaire and simply logged the response to the console for now. The next step for this endpoint is to send the user’s questionnaire response to the open source FHIR endpoint. Upon completing A2, we discussed as a team what needs to be done regarding this endpoint in A3, as well as how it will be implemented. To ensure that the endpoints behaved correctly as they are now, a few tests were added to the backend testing suite. More tests will be added in A3 when the backend becomes more complex.

The more difficult goals for A2 were rendering the JSON questionnaire and capturing the user’s response. This proved to be the biggest hurdle in A2, but we were able to overcome it. However, it did force us to re-evaluate and re-scope some goals that we set out for our project. At first, our industry partner Alex provided us with a converter and a demo app to perhaps use for our application. After looking into these, we discovered that the converter had no npm support and only worked with vue. Due to it being incompatible with our tech stack, we were not able to utilize this tool. Further, the demo app was also in vue, and used SurveyJs. Because of these issues, we looked elsewhere for other tools that may help us accomplish our goals. In the end, we found a framework called FHIRForm which had a npm module called FHIRFormJS. This module converts FHIR JSON questionnaires into a schema and lets other libraries, such as react-jsonschema-form, interpret it. Using FHIRFormJS, we were able to render a FHIR JSON questionnaire in the UI successfully, and capture the user’s response to send to the backend. Similar to the backend, some tests for the frontend were added to the test suite to ensure that it functions correctly.

Although we were able to render a questionnaire successfully, we noticed a flaw in the approach. Our use of the FHIRFormJS npm module did not work when a JSON questionnaire contained nested components. These were components that were nested inside other components and needed to be rendered in groups. Due to this, we will have to re-evaluate our approach for A3, and re-scope the project goals. We decided that we will attempt to implement a working approach for nested questionnaires, but will mainly focus on completing the backend and it’s communication with the open source FHIR endpoints, as this is a component of the assignment that we are required to complete.

## What went well & what didn’t go well
Overall, the team was satisfied with the progress of the project and the work done in A2. We all agreed that A2 was well planned out and organized and that we all worked well together. The tasks were split up in such a way to ensure that features will be completed even if a team member or two were busy with other courses and responsibilities. The research that was put into figuring out which library to use for the frontend was thorough and the findings were presented to our industry partner, Alex, who aided in the decision process. The backend work was well planned out and executed quickly, allowing for testing to be done comfortably. In general, the team was pleased with the great organization and teamwork.

Further, the documentation, meeting notes, and postmortem were all done well, and received great feedback from the TA. These documents all proved to be useful and effective in improving the process aspect of the project. We will aim to keep the same quality of documentation in A3 and the remainder of the project. Something that went well and was specifically useful, was a meeting with our industry partner, Alex. We met with him to discuss acceptance criteria for all our features, which paved a path to completing and implementing the features well.

On the other hand, something that didn’t go well was that some of our internal deadlines were not met. At the beginning of A2, we set out some internal deadlines for the subtasks associated with each planned feature. Unfortunately, due to all team members having other courses and responsibilities that needed attention throughout A2 and the project, some of the planned tasks were not completed on time. However, the plan that we had created accounted for such things, so in the end all planned tasks were completed correctly and properly with ample time for testing and verification.

## Adjustments
Upon completing A2, we have gained some more insight for planning out A3 and the remainder of the project. As previously mentioned, one adjustment that will need to be made is adjusting our approach to rendering questionnaires. We will need to make sure that questionnaires with nested groups of questions can be properly rendered and that most questions types can be handled. While doing more research for our planned features for A3, we noticed that there are a number of question types that exist in the documentation, but we could not find any example questionnaires with these types of questions. Due to this, we will handle all the question types that exist in examples and are used in practice, and might need to leave out the types that are not used and don’t have examples to test with.

Further, due to having to change the rendering approach and also focusing on completing the required features such as connecting the backend to the FHIR endpoints, we have agreed that we may need to drop some of the optional features that we set out for A3. From the beginning of the project we planned for these features to be optional and low priority. We had a list of required features with high priority so we will focus on those and visit the optional features if we have the time and resources remaining before the end of A3.
